5.
Wrong Answer: 1/2
Right Answer: 0
Reason for right answer:

        C^w       C^r

C^r     C^w.C^r   C^r.C^r

C^r     C^w.C^r   C^r.C^r


There are no C_w.C_w plants, so the probability that a white plant is zero

6.
Wrong Answer: 2 children
Right Answer: 8 children
Reason for right answer:

    A   i
A   AA  Ai
i   Ai  ii

75% of the children will by type A. 8 is the closets to 75% of 10

13.
Wrong Answer: 1:3
Right Answer: 3:1
Reason for right answer: The ratio is a result of heterozygous cross. Page 289
in Campbell.

15.
Wrong Answer: 1:1 wild type to double mutants
Right Answer: All wild type flies
Reason for right answer: Since the wild type flies were heterozygous dominant
their alleles were always expressed.

23.
Wrong Answer: X^c.X^c and X^C.Y
Right Answer: X^C.X^c and X^C.Y
Reason for right answer: Both parents are normal vision (have at least one X^C)
but need to have zero or one recessive alleles (X^c) to pass along the recessive
allele.

34.
Wrong Answer: The lagging strand is synthesized continuously, where as the
leading strand is synthesized in short fragments that are ultimately stitched
together.
Right Answer: The leading strand is synthesized in the same direction as the
movement of the replication fork, and the lagging strand is synthesized in the
opposite direction.
Reason for right answer: This is how Campbell describes the process on page 317.

39.
Wrong Answer: Nucleotides break off and are lost during the transcription
process.
Right Answer: Many non-coding stretches of nucleotides are present in mRNA.
Reason for right answer: While nucleotides do not break off, parts of pre-mRNA
called introns are removed from the RNA and do not code for proteins.

40.
Wrong Answer: It is the basic unit of the genetic code.
Right Answer: It extends from one end of a tRNA molecule
Reason for right answer: "At the other end of the tRNA is a nucleotide triplet
called an anticodon" page 337 of Campbell.

42.
Wrong Answer: Bonding of the anticodon to the codon
Right Answer: Bonding of the anticodon to the codon and the attachment of amino
acids to tRNAs.
Reason for right answer: The attachment of amino acids to tRNAs is also
important in this process

47.
Wrong Answer: 5' --> 3' along the template strand
Right Answer: 3' --> 5' along the template strand
Reason for right answer: mRNA is polymerized like DNA (RNAs are added to
each other from the 3' end) so transcriptase reads DNA anti-parallel to itself.

48.
Wrong Answer: to the left of the template strand
Right Answer: to the right of the template strand
Reason for right answer: The promoter is where transcription starts. Since
transcription goes from 3' to 5' on the template strand it would be on the 3'
end, to the right.

49.
Wrong Answer: on the right of the template strand
Right Answer: on the left of the template strand
Reason for right answer: The polyadenylation signal is where transcription ends.
Since transcription goes from 3' to 5' on the template strand it would be on the
5' end, to the left.
